exenv: add page (#4992)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/exenv.md

# exenv

> A tool to easily install Elixir versions and manage application environments.
> More information: <https://github.com/exenv/exenv>.

- Display a list of installed versions:

`exenv versions`

- Use a specific version of Elixir across the whole system:

`exenv global {{version}}`

> - Use a specific version of Elixir for an application/project directory:

Reviewer: Perhaps this would be more precise on what it actually does:
```suggestion
- Use a specific version of Elixir for the current application/project directory:
```
